# LIGO MOU Transfer COmanage Registry Plugin

Case 1 : Transfer from simple MOU to simple MOU
Example: Graduate student graduates from UWM and gets post-doc at PSU. Aug. 30 is their last day at UWM and Sept. 1 is their first day at PSU.
Transfer is initiated graduate student on a date before Aug. 30. They will need to specify where they are moving to (new COU, PSU in this case), their first day in their new position (Sept. 1 in this case), and when the new position will end. There is also a comment box in which they can specify any extra information. There is a checkbox if they wish to keep membership in their old COU as well as being added to the new COU, which they will not check in this case since it is a transfer. When the form is submitted, a simple notification is sent to the admins group of their current COU (i.e UWM admins), and a notification of a new petition to join is sent to the admins group of the COU they are joining (PSU admins for this example). An admin of the new COU goes to an approval form where they set efforts, position, and can edit the start and end date for the new COU membership. If the new COU (PSU) admin approves the transfer petition, the graduate student is notified of the approval along with the approved values for start date, end date, and effort values, and the old COU (UWM) admins are notified of the approval along with the start date. If the petition is denied, both the graduate student and the old COU (UWM) admins are notified. 

Case 2 : Joint appointment in two simple MOUs
Transferee wishes to maintain membership in current COU AND petition to join another COU. Same form as Case 1, except that this time the transferee checks the box to retain their existing membership in the old COU (UWM). For this case, if the admin of the new COU (PSU) approves the petition, if for any date in the joint appointment period the enrollee is above the maximum allowed effort levels, the plugin informs the PI of the new COU (PSU) that the effort levels set exceed a maximum and fails to approve the trenasfer. Additionally, if informs the new COU (PSU) PI of what the maximum available effort for the transferee are, and lists all groups the transferee belongs to along with their PIs. If new effort values are set in the form that do not cause the maximum effort of the transferee to be exceeded then the petition approval may proceed as above.

Case 3 : Transfer from federated MOU to simple MOU
Transferee is moving from a simple MOU to a federated group. This case should be essentially identical to Case 1 (full transfer) or Case 2 (joint appointment) above.

Case 4 : Transfer from a simple MOU to a federated MOU
Graduate student graduates from UWM and gets post-doc at Adelaide in OzGrav. Aug. 30 is their last day at UWM and Sept. 1 is their first day in OzGrav. 
Transfer is initiated graduate student on a date before Aug. 30. Additionally to the information they provide in Case 1, they must also provide the OzGrav institution to which they are transferring. The rest of the transfer continues as in Case 1. While not a requirement at this time, a plugin that could allow us to configure for each institute within a federated COU a subset of admins (typically the COU PI and the COU admin from the institution to which the transfer is happening) that could approve or deny a transfer petition would be welcome.
